[The locales, characters, agencies, and incidents
in this drama have no relevance to real life.]
[My Perfect Stranger]
[4: All This is By Chance?]
[Episode 4]
Who are you?
And why are you here?
What does that mean...
[Bong Bong Cafe]
How do you have this?
I just happened to
pick it up off the floor.
It's a pity if you were trying to hide it.
Why would I need to hide
something you picked up?
No, I mean, I picked it up here.
I happened to pick it up, too, by chance.
You picked that up by chance?
Exactly when and where?
Before it dropped here...
I mean, an hour before we met.
By the river in this town.
I kept it without thinking much about it.
River?
What were you doing there at that time?
At that place...
[Yoon Young, I'm sorry I said
some hurtful things earlier...]
Timing and Subtitles brought to
you by the Time-Turner Team ⌚ @Viki
There...
You can't tell me that, either?
Like how you can't explain why
you had to meet Go Min Soo?
There were some things I wanted to ask him.
This is all I can tell you right now.
All right.
Then that's all we can discuss now.
I don't think you answered
my question, though.
I asked how you found me,
but you responded only by
giving me this.
What is this?
What exactly is this?
It's what made me come all the way here.
And what I will need to keep looking for.
The reason and result
behind all these situations.
That's all I can tell you for now.
Regretfully, it seems we still
can't be open with each other.
Yeah, it seems that way.
May 11th, 1987.
Three days before the
first murder takes place.
At such an important point in time,
the past that I knew was changing.
An incident that never occurred happened.
The prime suspect. No, actually,
the one identified as
the culprit, Go Min Soo,
was already arrested by the police.
Then what's happening now?
You picked this up?
This, by chance?
[Bong Bong Cafe]
What exactly is she hiding...
that she's making that face?
[Woojeong Police Station]
This is all we can tell you.
All right for now.
You can go home now.
[Detective Team 2]
He's not opening his mouth at all.
That's good news.
Since he's dragging out time on his own.
What does that mean?
Guys like him should stay in there as
long as possible for this town to be safe.
You never know what
else he might do. Right?
So continue to not say
or do anything like that.
Stay in there, just breathing and
enduring quietly for just one more week.
If nothing else happens until then, it will
become certain that you committed the murders.
Otherwise, your innocence will be proven.
Murder?
What the hell are you saying?
Be quiet, you punk!
Thank you for your service, Detective.
What exactly is this?
No, it's okay.
It's all over now. It's okay.
I really don't have an appetite.
You've not eaten anything.
You have to eat something to sleep well.
We don't have a relationship
where we eat together...
[Cafe]
[Ha Ha Cafe]
Did he mean drinking
coffee on an empty stomach?
[Ha Ha Cafe]
It's called Ha Ha?
How unusual.
[Jekwang Electronics]
Excuse me.
Could you close 30 minutes
later than usual, please?
Since all the restaurants are closed.
I can't let you starve your date.
What, who said...
Geez.
Here.
What kind of cafe sells these?
It's up to the owner.
She's an unusual person. Open-minded, too.
But during this period, did
they dip this in soy sauce?
Well, I guess...
since they didn't have anything salty.
At least, just try it. See
how the pastries are here.
Well, I really don't have an appetite,
but since you already bought them...
Do you really like sweet
and salty that much?
Don't you know it's a
requirement for modern people?
Getting off work as the sun rises to
meet a deadline for a whole month.
When I want to rest on the
weekends, the writer calls you out to
complain about her fountain pen ink.
While I'm losing my will to live,
these sweet and salty things save me.
You worked at a publishing company?
An editor?
What about you?
Jobless.
That's right.
There's no way you would tell me.
Once again, only I have told the truth.
That's not entirely true.
Oh, my gosh, this is the worst!
I'm sorry.
There's no need to apologize.
We just have different tastes.
I had agreed not to
make your life difficult.
You had to go down to the
police station because of me.
I'm really sorry.
This isn't a problem you created.
Whether you had things to ask
or there was another problem,
even if you had followed Go
Min Soo for another reason,
something like that should
never have happened.
He caused this problem. Not you.
So there's no need to
apologize and don't be afraid.
I'll make sure nothing
like that happens again.
I'll fix the light soon. Okay?
[Friendship Theater]
Will you be able to run?
Of course.
♫ One day, by your side ♫
♫ If a long, long night falls on you ♫
[Art Expression COUNTING TABLE]
♫ Without saying a
word, I'll sit close to you ♫
♫ I'll wait for you ♫
♫ When everything seems far away ♫
♫ When it feel so empty ♫
Are they crazy?
Why dip the twisted
bread stick in soy sauce?
M-Mom.
Go inside and clean up quietly.
And don't tell anyone.
Yes.
[Bong Bong Cafe]
What could be the story?
Something came up, so I'm leaving first.
Eat your breakfast, take your lunch
box, and go to Soon Ae's house in front.
I told them already, so they'll know.
Make sure you apply ointment on your cut.
You don't need to do the dishes
so just put the dishes in the sink.
Absolutely don't be late for school.
He sounds just like Mom.
[Ancestral Shrine]
♫ All the loving memories ♫
Mom!
- Mom!
- What?
Didn't you see my sparkly stockings?
I'll be late to the hair salon.
Geez, you flip out at night drunk.
During the day, you flip out for no reason.
I need to make Oh Bok's fried egg, too.
- Ok Ja!
- Yeah?
How come all the socks have holes?
You didn't grab them from the
closet but from the basket, right?
I told you that's where I keep the
sewn socks. Why do you always...
Mom! There's no toilet paper!
Oh, yeah, okay. Toilet paper. Here!
Mom, my stocking first.
Oh, what did I do with my wallet?
Right. I changed my pants,
too. Where's my wallet?
I didn't see it.
- Are the fried eggs ready, Mom?
- Huh? Fried...
Oh, my gosh.
How can the kimbap have no taste?
- I know.
- What did she put in it?
- Just eat it, Dad. This isn't the first time.
- You eat it, too.
♫ And shine on you only ♫
[Ancestral Shrine]
Geez!
That stupid book, book, book!
You know?
You could've folded all this and made fried
eggs for your brother instead of doing this!
Here! Stop folding... and
go make Oh Bok's fried eggs.
Hurry!
Yes.
Is anyone home?
I'm going now!
By chance, are you Oh Bok?
What is this?
It's me, Uncle. Yoon Young.
What's going on?
Goodness, who are you? And why are
you at someone else's house staring?
Grandpa?
It's me, Yoon Young.
Geez, I won't have time to
change my socks at this rate!
Hurry up and bring my socks!
- Ok Ja!
- Coming, coming...
Stop calling me! Stop calling!
Geez...
Hello, Mr. Yoon.
The matchbox you had in the
hallway yesterday. Give it to me.
Oh, you.
Who are you? You're so pretty.
- Mom!
- What do you mean, pretty?
She looks like a drowning weasel.
Aren't you going to be
late? Just be quiet and go.
You little drunkard!
All right!
What?
Hey, wait up!
- See you later.
- Bye.
Are you Mr. Yoon's
in-laws' third cousin's...
Oh, are you Mr. Yoon's relative?
Why didn't you say so earlier?
Nice to meet you!
Is it because you resemble Mr. Yoon?
You look smart. You look smart!
Mr. Yoon said since he can't go with you, he
earnestly requested that you go with Soon Ae.
Here. While making lunches for
everyone, I made yours and Mr. Yoon's, too.
Take it and enjoy it.
- Oh, I have mine too.
- Gosh...
That's that, and this is this.
Make sure you chew your food well.
And come by whenever you want to eat more.
Oh, my gosh. Come over often, dear.
Okay. Thank you.
My goodness...
My gosh...
[Bong Bong Cafe]
- Love letter?
- Yes!
You're supposed to put a note inside it and
give it to a girl you like or are interested in.
I'm sure the kids in
other classes all have one.
Because it's a trend at
our school these days.
Things became more complicated
because of that damn trend.
What?
Love?
What do you love?
When did you see her to say it's love?
I have a different one for the transfer
student. That's for someone else.
If there's someone else, why
are you giving her one, too?
Why are you dodging? Dodging?
Fine! I won't give it to her then!
Why are you hitting me?
Get back here!
What do I do?
What's taking so long?
Okay, I'll be right there.
At the time, the decisive reason Yoo
Beom Ryong became a suspect was
because of the things he kept hidden.
You don't have anything yet. Is that it?
What's this?
I'm sorry about yesterday.
You were just trying to help
me, but I spoke too harshly.
It bothered me, so I
couldn't sleep all night.
That's why.
You always wrote letters like this even
though you'd end up telling me about it.
You used to do that every time
we fought from a long time ago.
I did?
When?
Oh, I meant my mom.
I suddenly thought of her.
She must have really liked writing.
I guess so.
I'm only realizing now...
that must've been the reason.
- Hello.
- Hi.
Second skull?
Mr. Yoon, yes.
That matchbox you're holding. Hand it over.
Excuse me?
I have a matchbox in my school bag? Where?
Geez, you can't just search
through someone's bag.
Oh, my gosh! It's really in there.
You couldn't have known the trend at this
school since you transferred yesterday.
So, what's this cafe matchbox
doing in a student's bag?
What is it?
Oh, yeah! That's it!
On Sunday, my hyung came
and let me have a taste of coffee.
So we went to a cafe in town
and built a tower with these.
It was so much fun! And he also...
You still have the lock?
Yes, of course.
L-Lock?
Why is your bag so light?
Then would I bring books to a picnic?
Your aunt didn't pack you lunch?
Oh, no. It's not like that.
She packed me lunch,
but I just forgot to bring it.
Tell the kids to look for my bag.
Since I searched your
bag, you can search mine.
You can have the lunch
box that's in my bag.
Buy a drink for yourself...
Buy some for kids in the next class, too.
I'm sending you on an errand.
Yes.
There was a fire in Rochester's room
so Jane put it out with the water bucket.
Then he held her hand like this
and said, "You saved my life."
So how could I not read what follows next?
That's how I got hit by my mom in the end.
But you were reading.
What's wrong with that?
She doesn't like me reading books.
She says that I'm into useless things,
wasting my time instead of doing housework.
Oh, gosh.
I would love to read as many books as I'd like,
listen to all the music, and sip on hot coffee.
I'd love to live like that.
In the end,
Mom's dream came true.
Through me.
What?
I'm just happy.
If you're finished, give me the cup.
I can do it when I'm done.
Just give it to me.
I'll do stuff like this.
My daughter should just
read as much as she wants.
♫ I wish that my heart could reach you ♫
♫ No longer, no longer,
no longer selfishly ♫
♫ I will be able to look at you ♫
Why?
Gosh...
Oh, just... I was just curious
about what you were listening to.
Give it to me. I'll do it.
Goodness! It's all right.
When you get married later,
you'll do it until you get sick of it.
I won't disturb you. Just keep listening.
Geez, talking about marriage.
I keep telling you I won't get married.
Mom...
had given me the time
that wasn't given to her.
What are you doing?
Now, I'll return them to you, Mom.
The time you lost and
everything you gave up.
I will make sure to
return everything to you.
We're going to be late! We have to run!
But why are you going that
way? Isn't school this way?
Didn't you hear at the end of class
yesterday? We're going on a picnic today.
Oh, yeah.
Wait for me!
- Kim Hae Kyeong.
- Yes.
- Lee Eun Ha.
- Park Yoo Ri.
- Yes.
- Seo Ji Yoon.
- Yoon Young.
- Yes.
- Won Soo Kyeong.
- Dae Kyeon.
- Geez.
Geez.
Mr. Yoon.
- Mr. Yoon.
- Yes, what?
Why are you standing here like this?
Aren't you checking the kids in your class?
Look! Just look at them!
- Let's go!
- I got it!
Just look at them! What a mess!
Those who don't study always make a fuss.
I clearly wrote down not to be
late, and... she's making me nervous!
Wait! Why are you going that way?
Hey, you!
Do it lightly!
Man, why did the principal
put our classes together?
Geez!
Cotton candies, get away
from them! You punks.
Seon Jeong Sook!
How does the second skull know
that I'm friends with the padlock?
♫ Susan, the chilly winds are blowing ♫
♫ Susan, as dusk approaches ♫
♫ Where are you right now, all lonely? ♫
Soon Ae!
At the bus terminal?
♫ Why don't you come to me? ♫
Seeing as we meet here
again, destiny must be...
Cut the crap about destiny!
Soon Ae, listen carefully.
This... This is what you
call a real waste of time.
What kind of bullshit is this?
This guy will not... help your
life in any way in the future.
She seems really tired.
Should we go ahead first?
Oh, yeah. But...
Where do you think you're going?
She's having a hard
time, so she should rest.
Come after you rest awhile.
Hey!
Hey! Soon Ae!
Soon Ae!
Geez!
Oh, my gosh!
Because the sky is so beautiful.
- Geez.
- Oh, gosh.
Why are there so many uphills?
Why have a picnic in a place like this?
It's a very difficult trail
for someone born in 1965.
There, there! When it's time
to play, you should just play.
You shouldn't be worrying about your college exams
here and secretly looking through your textbooks.
- Hey, Beom Ryong!
- Beom Ryong!
Okay, okay. Play as much as you want today.
On one condition. Just within this area.
- You got that?
- Yes!
Activity Moderator, come out.
Now, now! Hey, guys!
You know who I am. Right?
- Yes, we do!
- What's the highlight of a picnic?
- Talent show!
- That's right. We'll have a talent show.
At this critical time, how did
you bring something so valuable?
I stole it, especially
for you. It's my dad's.
- Hey.
- But could you do it?
You said you've never
even touched a real guitar.
I've practiced like this many
times before, so I'm just going for it!
No, no!
Wouldn't it be better to
practice a little bit first?
You might make a fool out
of yourself in front of the girls!
That's right. We will have
a talent show. Applause!
All right. Who wants to go first?
No one?
Geez, is this all we have in our class?
I practiced until I got sick of it.
All right, if you play while
others are playing, you fall behind.
- Oh, come on!
- You guys are in 12th grade!
Don't get excited and always
think about your exams.
Look over here! I was talking!
Always think about your exams.
- Teacher, could you please be quiet?
- What?
We can't hear the music.
- Yes!
- Let's go!
- Come, let's go!
- Let's go together!
- Me too, me too.
- Let's see!
What a mess.
So nothing really happened?
Yeah, that's right.
We said like two words.
We ran into our teacher.
He got dragged away by his ears.
What were those two words?
He just asked me what kind of guy I like.
So I said someone who sings well.
Let's go.
Oh, hey!
- It's okay, Hee Seop!
- Fighting!
He knew how to play the guitar?
♪ Should I stop thinking about
this and that and just tell her? ♪
♪ Should I stop talking about that and... ♪
Who is he?
They say he's a transfer student.
♪ Wondering if I should tell her,
blushing and feeling nervous ♪
♪ When we say bye,
I'm so, so sad by myself ♪
♪ I'm sure I'll regret it when she leaves ♪
♪ Why couldn't I tell her? ♪
♪ Not knowing what to say,
hesitant and wondering ♪
♪ Wondering if I should tell her
blushing and feeling nervous ♪
♪ I should've just told
her, I should've told her ♪
♪ I should've told her ♪
May 12th. Two days before
the first incident occurs.
One of the three suspects is
already arrested by the police.
The other two don't have
anything standing out in particular.
The mark of the suspect, the matchbox,
[Bong Bong Cafe]
can be found anywhere.
Gosh. It's driving me crazy.
Just when everything was
swept into a foggy state,
she arrived.
The woman who was the first victim of
the Woojeong Village serial murder case.
Do you remember these people?
[1987 Murder Case Victim's
Personal Data: Lee Joo Young]
- Hello, Principal.
- Hi.
Everyone, hurry up and get up!
No, no, it's all right.
Everyone, sit down comfortably.
We have a student teacher who will be
with us for a month. Ms. Lee Joo Young.
She is currently a senior at Seoul National
University's Korean language and literature department.
Originally, she was
supposed to start tomorrow
but I wanted to introduce her
to you on a fun day like this.
Okay, a round of applause!
Where did I see her before?
Teacher, could you please sing for us too?
- Yes!
- Sing for us! Sing for us!
Sing for us! Sing for us!
Hey, be quiet! Quiet!
- Quiet!
- Yes, should I give it a try?
Oh, okay. Go ahead.
Applause! Applause!
♪ When a gust of wind blows
♪ The tears of my mother ♪
♪ Cries in the deep down of my heart ♪
♪ Branching out into the world ♪
What is that?
I don't know.
I've never heard the song before.
She's really bringing down the mood.
♪ For the freedom, brandishing... ♪
She's charming.
Don't you think?
What kind of song is it that it's so sad?
"Sora, Sora, blue Sora..."
Do you know this song?
No.
But why does it sound so familiar?
♪ Under the prison bars where I'm tied ♪
♪ I will meet you by staying alive ♪
Oh, gosh.
No need to see me off.
Why are you both coming out?
If it has to be one person,
shouldn't that be me, Principal Baek?
Then, I'll go back.
No, not you! You stay.
Mr. Park, every time you see Mr. Yoon,
don't you feel that he resembles someone?
Well?
I don't really watch too much television.
No, don't look too far.
Try to look close by.
Well... I don't have much
interest in the people around me.
Why don't you have any interest! Why!
Mr. Park, you're good at everything
except catching onto things!
Oh, gosh.
I... have to go and
guide the students, so...
I'll get going now.
Damn it.
Geez, I should just fire him.
I heard you went to the
police station yesterday.
Yes.
Can I help you with something?
Yes, it's all right.
- Thank you for your concern.
- Not at all.
More than that, as I told you before,
I'd like to be in charge of
the new student teacher.
Oh, yes, yes. We already
agreed to do that, didn't we?
Yes.
But more than that...
We don't look alike! We don't look alike.
Please go ahead now.
He strangely looks like my younger self.
We do look alike.
- Yes.
- Mr. Choi, let's go.
Goodness...
Why does she look so familiar?
She can't be familiar.
Oh, my gosh.
Prince Five...
I mean, our Korean
teacher made this himself?
Yes.
It's so good!
Right? My grandma...
The kimbap your mom made is so good, too!
You talk to me more casually after
the science lab incident yesterday.
Since we are friends now.
That's right. We're friends.
You can just call me by my name.
Baek Yoon Young?
The one who'll connect with love.
This love letter is from one
of the gentlemen over there.
Here.
Soon Ae, too.
Please take good care
of the gentlemen's hearts.
Thank you!
[Bong Bong Cafe]
This matchbox.
This is not a common item.
But then, it doesn't make sense that I picked
up something from 34 years ago at that location.
You picked it up? By chance?
Exactly when and where? By the river?
What were you doing there that night?
That man knows something.
[Bong Bong Cafe]
Hurry up.
- Take it.
- I told you I don't want to.
She said she didn't want to! Just go!
Geez, okay then.
What's going on?
- We are going now.
- Goodbye!
- Goodbye.
- Go straight home.
Have you found a place to stay for a month?
Yes, my relative lives in this town.
That's a lie.
She doesn't have any family or relatives.
Why is she lying about this?
Oh, I see.
But just in case...
here's my phone number.
Here.
Oh, I have all the students
memorize my phone number, too.
Just for emergencies.
If anything happens, feel
free to call me anytime.
Even the smallest things are fine.
Thank you.
But since I have my
relatives, I'm sure I'll be fine.
But don't crumple and toss it.
Yes.
Get home safely, and I'll see you tomorrow.
Oh, my thermos.
I must have left it back there.
- I'll go with you.
- No, no.
It's right there. I'll be right back.
Wait just a moment.
Don't run! Be careful!
Okay!
Are you the reason my brother is in jail?
That's not me. It's your brother.
What he did got himself locked up.
Okay.
So what's my weakness that you found?
The button that gets my reaction.
Secret cards to use against me.
You know, don't you?
It was too easy. I didn't
even have to look for it.
Soon Ae?
Lee Soon Ae is your weakness.
It's still a mystery as to why
she is your weakness, though.
If you know, then don't forget it.
My warning from yesterday is still valid.
You know my brother?
Do you think I would like
what happened to him...
or the opposite?
"Like"?
That word itself is unexpected, but
do I need to know that?
You'll have to.
That's how you'll know whether I'll use
your weakness or not.
I'll see you tomorrow, Yoon Young.
- I...
- Well...
You can go first.
I'll wash my hands first.
We have plenty of time.
Right. We have plenty of time.
If, by any chance, she doesn't
know what's going to take place here,
I need to let her know now.
Since we don't know what
will happen from now on.
Something's strange.
There's definitely something going on.
That can't be.
What happened?
The principal just called.
He was supposed to meet Ms. Lee
Joo Young, but he couldn't reach her.
I'll be right back.
- Wait...
- Oh, yeah.
Don't go anywhere and stay home. You must.
I'll be right back.
Lee Joo Young.
That student teacher earlier...
Strange.
This is also a situation I know.
[The People I Killed]
That doesn't make any sense.
No way.
[There was something peculiar
about her first impression...]
Why is this in Go Mi Sook's novel...
No, it can't be.
It could be a description of a
scene she actually saw in the past.
There was something peculiar...
about her first impression.
Two dark eyebrows that contrast
against her pale and soft face.
Or a unique wooden ring
on her thin index finger.
Or worn-out sneakers that
didn't match her neat outfit.
That's why she seemed familiar.
Excuse me.
Where is Go Min Soo right now?
Where is he?
Go Min Soo!
Na Mi, Kim Wan Seon, Min Hae Kyeong.
The song that was sung
in a quiet and strong voice
in front of kids who were expecting a Fire
Truck song. (Korean pop group from the 80s)
All these things made her look special.
I...
[Woojeong Terminal Store]
Why are you here?
Why did you come out here?
That woman...
is she going to die?
What did you say?
That's how I picked her at first sight.
As my beautiful...
first death.
It's not true, right?
Not to that extent, right?
Did you come here knowing something?
How did you know that?
It's something that
hasn't happened here yet.
But how did you know that?
Now the time has come...
where we need to be honest with each other.
Because of how we met here...
is probably not a coincidence.
[Woojeong Terminal Store]
♫ I found the meaning of life ♫
♫ Come to me, darling ♫
♫ If there's anything you
want, I'll give it all to you ♫
♫ If you have any doubts,
just rest your worries ♫
♫ I'll lead you only down the
flower path, so just come to me ♫
[My Perfect Stranger]
It's a novel by Go Mi Sook.
After I saw the student teacher,
I felt a weird sense of deja vu.
You opened it up again and
realized it was the same story.
Do you want Go Mi Sook to be the culprit?
The Go Mi Sook I know is more
than capable of such a thing.
You released Go Min Soo?
I only followed orders.
I don't think I can stay here long, either.
I wonder who knows me.
[Someone is watching you]
[Bong Bong Cafe]
[Epilogue] Do you know that there was a
witness at your crime scene, Go Min Soo?
By chance, do you also know who that is?
See, I told you.
When you look at one
place and rush toward it,
you fall into many traps.
Timing and Subtitles brought to
you by the Time-Turner Team ⌚ @Viki